Prep 0.20.0rc0 (#6706)
scikit-image/scikit-image: doc/release/release_0.20.rst

Announcement: scikit-image 0.20.0 (unreleased)
==============================================

> We're happy to announce the release of scikit-image v0.20.0 (unreleased)!

Reviewer: Should this be something like:

> We're happy to announce the pre-release of scikit-image v0.20.0 (rc1)!

?

scikit-image is an image processing toolbox built on SciPy that includes algorithms
for segmentation, geometric transformations, color space manipulation,
analysis, filtering, morphology, feature detection, and more.

For more information, examples, and documentation, please visit our website:
https://scikit-image.org

> With this release, many of the functions in ``skimage.measure`` now support anisotropic images  with different voxel spacings which can be specified with the new parameter ``spacing``.

Reviewer: Is there a reason we don't wrap the release notes at 88?

> With this release, many of the functions in ``skimage.measure`` now support anisotropic images  with different voxel spacings which can be specified with the new parameter ``spacing``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this release, many of the functions in ``skimage.measure`` now support anisotropic images with different voxel spacings which can be specified with the new parameter ``spacing``.
```

> Support for footprint decomposition  was added to several functions in ``skimage.morphology``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for footprint decomposition was added to several functions in ``skimage.morphology``.
```

> By decomposing a footprint into several smaller ones with the new ``decomposition`` parameter, morphological operations can potentially be sped up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By decomposing a footprint into several smaller ones with the new ``decomposition`` parameter, morphological operations can potentially be sped up significantly.
```

In addition a good number of performance improvements have been included.

> 4 new gallery examples were added to our documentation; checkout the new interactive example "Track solidification of a metallic alloy".

Reviewer: Worth adding a link?

> This release also completes the transition to indicating multi-channel images with the more flexible ``channel_axis`` parameter as well as a many other deprecations to make scikit-image's API more consistent and expressive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release also completes the transition to the ``channel_axis`` parameter, a more flexible way of indicating multi-channel images, as well as many other deprecations that make scikit-image's API more consistent and expressive.
```

> This release now supports Python 3.8-3.11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release supports Python 3.8-3.11.
```

New features and improvements
-----------------------------

> .. Anything new or improved - including performance - that is covered by our API.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Remove deprecated parameter ``iterations`` from ``skimage.restoration.richardson_lucy``, ``skimage.segmentation.morphological_chan_vese``, and ``skimage.segmentation.morphological_geodesic_active_contour``; use ``num_iter`` instead
  (`#6583 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6583>`_).
- Remove support for deprecated keys ``"min_iter"`` and ``"max_iter"`` in ``skimage.restoration.unsupervised_wiener``'s parameter ``user_params``; use ``"min_num_iter"`` and ``"max_num_iter"`` instead
  (`#6583 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6583>`_).
- Remove deprecated functions ``greycomatrix`` and ``greycoprops`` from ``skimage.feature``
  (`#6583 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6583>`_).
- Remove deprecated submodules ``skimage.morphology.grey`` and ``skimage.morphology.greyreconstruct``; use ``skimage.morphology`` instead
  (`#6583 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6583>`_).
- Remove deprecated submodule ``skimage.morphology.selem``; use ``skimage.morphology.footprints`` instead
  (`#6583 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6583>`_).

Bug fixes
---------

> .. Only fixes to unexpected behavior in our public API. Exclude things such as fixes to the CI or documentation.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  (`#6545 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6545>`_).
- Apply codespell to fix common spelling mistakes
  (`#6537 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6537>`_).
- Add missing space in math directive in normalized_mutual_information's docstring
  (`#6549 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6549>`_).
- Fix lengths of docstring heading underline in ``skimage.morphology.isotropic_`` functions
  (`#6628 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6628>`_).
- Fix plot order due to duplicate examples with the file name ``plot_thresholding.py``
  (`#6644 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6644>`_).
- Get rid of numpy deprecation warning in gallery example ``plot_equalize``
  (`#6650 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6650>`_).
- Fix swapping of opening and closing in gallery example ``plot_rank_filters``
  (`#6652 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6652>`_).
- Get rid of numpy deprecation warning in gallery example ``in plot_log_gamma.py``
  (`#6655 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6655>`_).

Other and development related updates
-------------------------------------

> .. Everything invisible to a user of scikit-image or not covered in the above section. These changes probably not interesting to users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: The remaining comments all relate to autogenerated text. I will address this in a future PR after 0.20.0rc0.

- Fix calculation of Z normal in marching cubes (`#6227 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6227>`_)
- Remove redundant testing on Appveyor (`#6229 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6229>`_)
- Update imports/refs from deprecated scipy.ndimage.filters namespace (`#6231 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6231>`_)
- Include Cython sources via package_data (`#6232 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6232>`_)
- DOC: fix SciPy intersphinx (`#6239 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6239>`_)
- Fix bug in SLIC superpixels with `enforce_connectivity=True` and `start_label > 0` (`#6242 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6242>`_)
- Fowardport PR #6249 on branch main (update MacOS libomp installation in wheel building script) (`#6250 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6250>`_)
- Ignore sparse matrix deprecation warning (`#6261 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/6261>`_)
- Add a textbook-like tutorial on measuring fluorescence at the nuclear envelope of a cell
  (`#5262 <https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/5262>`_).

> 66 authors added to this release [alphabetical by first name or login]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
66 authors contributed to this release [alphabetical by first name or login]
```

contributed to? worked on?

----------------------------------------------------------------------
- Adeel Hassan
- Albert Y. Shih
- AleixBP
- Alex (sashashura)
- Alexandr Kalinin
- Alexandre de Siqueira
- Antony Lee
- Balint Varga
- Ben Greiner
- bsmietanka
- Chris Roat
- Chris Wood
- Dave Mellert
- Dudu Lasry
- Elena Pascal
- Eli Schwartz
- Fabian Schneider

> - forgeRW

Reviewer: For cases without real names, should we add `@` in front?

- Frank A. Krueger
- Gregory Lee
- Gus Becker
- Hande Gözükan
- Jacob Rosenthal
- James Gao
- Jan Kadlec
- Jan-Hendrik Müller
- Jan-Lukas Wynen
- Jarrod Millman
- Jeremy Muhlich
- johnthagen
- Joshua Newton
- Juan DF
- Juan Nunez-Iglesias
- Judd Storrs
- kwikwag
- Larry Bradley
- Lars Grüter
- lihaitao (li1127217ye)
- Lucas Johnson
- maldil
- Marianne Corvellec
- Mark Harfouche
- Martijn Courteaux
- Marvin Albert
- Matthew Brett
- Matthias Bussonnier
- Miles Lucas
- Naveen
- Oren Amsalem
- Preston Buscay
- Peter Sobolewski
- Peter Bell
- Ray Bell
- Riadh Fezzani
- Robin Thibaut
- Ross Barnowski
- samtygier
- Sandeep N Menon
- Sanghyeok Hyun
- Sebastian Wallkötter
- Simon-Martin Schröder
- Stefan van der Walt
- Teemu Kumpumäki
- Thomas Voigtmann
- Tim-Oliver Buchholz
- Tyler Reddy

> 37 reviewers added to this release [alphabetical by first name or login]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
37 reviewers worked on this release [alphabetical by first name or login]
```
